// @(#)includeDB_compiler1	1.150 04/07/29 16:36:19
// 
// Copyright 2004 Sun Microsystems, Inc.  All rights reserved.
// SUN PROPRIETARY/CONFIDENTIAL.  Use is subject to license terms.
// 

// NOTE: DO NOT CHANGE THIS COPYRIGHT TO NEW STYLE - IT WILL BREAK makeDeps!

allocation.hpp                          c1_globals.hpp

arrayOop.cpp                            vframeArray.hpp

bytecodeTracer.cpp                      methodDataOop.hpp

c1_globals.cpp                          c1_globals.hpp

c1_globals.hpp                          globals.hpp
c1_globals.hpp                          c1_globals_<arch>.hpp
c1_globals.hpp                          c1_globals_<os_family>.hpp

classLoader.cpp                         constantPoolKlass.hpp

codeBlob.cpp                            c1_Runtime1.hpp

codeBlob.hpp                            frame.hpp
codeBlob.cpp                            vframeArray.hpp

codeBuffer.cpp                          codeCache.hpp
codeBuffer.cpp                          nmethod.hpp

compiledIC.cpp                          codeCache.hpp
compiledIC.cpp                          compiledIC.hpp
compiledIC.cpp                          events.hpp
compiledIC.cpp                          icBuffer.hpp
compiledIC.cpp                          icache.hpp
compiledIC.cpp                          interpreter_<arch>.hpp
compiledIC.cpp                          linkResolver.hpp
compiledIC.cpp                          methodOop.hpp
compiledIC.cpp                          nmethod.hpp
compiledIC.cpp                          oop.inline.hpp
compiledIC.cpp                          c1_Runtime1.hpp
compiledIC.cpp                          stubRoutines.hpp
compiledIC.cpp                          symbolOop.hpp
compiledIC.cpp                          systemDictionary.hpp
compiledIC.cpp                          vtableStubs.hpp

compiledIC.hpp                          compiledICHolderKlass.hpp
compiledIC.hpp                          compiledICHolderOop.hpp
compiledIC.hpp                          klassOop.hpp
compiledIC.hpp                          linkResolver.hpp
compiledIC.hpp                          nativeInst_<arch>.hpp

debug.cpp                               codeCache.hpp
debug.cpp                               disassembler_<arch>.hpp
debug.cpp                               icBuffer.hpp
debug.cpp                               nmethod.hpp
debug.cpp                               vtableStubs.hpp

debug_<arch>.cpp                        nmethod.hpp

deoptimization.cpp                      allocation.inline.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      bytecode.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      c1_Runtime1.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      deoptimization.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      events.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      interfaceSupport.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      methodOop.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      nmethod.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      oopFactory.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      oop.inline.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      oopMapCache.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      pcDesc.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      resourceArea.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      scopeDesc.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      signature.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      stubRoutines.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      systemDictionary.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      thread.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      vframe.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      vframeArray.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      vframe_hp.hpp
deoptimization.cpp                      xmlstream.hpp

deoptimization.hpp                      allocation.hpp
deoptimization.hpp                      frame.inline.hpp

disassembler_<arch>.cpp                 nmethod.hpp

exceptionHandlerTable.cpp               allocation.inline.hpp
exceptionHandlerTable.cpp               exceptionHandlerTable.hpp
exceptionHandlerTable.cpp               nmethod.hpp

exceptionHandlerTable.hpp               allocation.hpp
exceptionHandlerTable.hpp               methodOop.hpp

fprofiler.cpp                           deoptimization.hpp
fprofiler.cpp                           icBuffer.hpp
fprofiler.cpp                           nmethod.hpp
fprofiler.cpp                           vtableStubs.hpp

frame.cpp                               codeCache.hpp
frame.cpp                               nmethod.hpp
frame.cpp                               c1_Runtime1.hpp
frame.cpp                               oopMap.hpp
frame.cpp                               vframeArray.hpp

frame.hpp                               location.hpp
frame.hpp                               stackValue.hpp
frame.hpp                               c1_Defs.hpp

frame_<arch>.cpp                        c1_Runtime1.hpp
frame_<arch>.cpp                        codeCache.hpp
frame_<arch>.cpp                        nmethod.hpp
frame_<arch>.cpp                        vframeArray.hpp

globals.hpp                             c1_globals_<arch>.hpp
globals.hpp                             c1_globals_<os_family>.hpp

globals.cpp                             c1_globals.hpp

interpreterRuntime.cpp                  compiledIC.hpp
interpreterRuntime.cpp                  compilationPolicy.hpp
interpreterRuntime.cpp                  onStackReplacement.hpp

interpreter_<arch>.cpp                  compiledIC.hpp
interpreter_<arch>.cpp                  c1_Runtime1.hpp

java.cpp                                compilationPolicy.hpp
java.cpp                                compiledIC.hpp
java.cpp                                deoptimization.hpp
java.cpp                                c1_Runtime1.hpp

jni.cpp                                 codeCache.hpp
jni.cpp                                 compilationPolicy.hpp
jni.cpp                                 nmethod.hpp

jvm.cpp                                 codeCache.hpp

jvmpi.cpp                               vframeArray.hpp

jvmtiCodeBlobEvents.cpp			scopeDesc.hpp

klassVtable.cpp                         nmethod.hpp
klassVtable.cpp                         c1_Runtime1.hpp

linkResolver.cpp                        vmThread.hpp

location.cpp                            debugInfo.hpp
location.cpp                            location.hpp

location.hpp                            allocation.hpp
location.hpp                            assembler.hpp
location.hpp                            shared.hpp

markSweep.cpp                           codeCache.hpp

memprofiler.cpp                         codeCache.hpp

methodKlass.cpp                         nmethod.hpp

methodOop.cpp                           codeCache.hpp
methodOop.cpp                           nmethod.hpp
methodOop.cpp                           c1_Runtime1.hpp
methodOop.cpp                           debugInfoRec.hpp

methodOop.hpp                           invocationCounter.hpp
methodOop.hpp                           oopMap.hpp

nativeInst_<arch>.cpp                   c1_Runtime1.hpp
nativeInst_<arch>.cpp                   codeCache.hpp
nativeInst_<arch>.cpp                   nmethod.hpp

nmethod.cpp                             interpreter.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             bytecode.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             c1_Runtime1.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             collectedHeap.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             collectedHeap.inline.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             compiledIC.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             disassembler_<arch>.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             events.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             frame.inline.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             genCollectedHeap.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             handles.inline.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             icache.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             instanceKlass.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             jvmpi.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             jvmpi.inline.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             nativeInst_<arch>.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             markSweep.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             nmethod.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             objArrayOop.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             oop.inline.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             oop.inline2.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             pcDesc.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             relocInfo.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             resourceArea.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             safepoint.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             scopeDesc.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             stubRoutines.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             sweeper.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             vtune.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             xmlstream.hpp
nmethod.cpp                             debugInfoRec.hpp

nmethod.hpp                             codeBlob.hpp
nmethod.hpp                             codeCache.hpp
nmethod.hpp                             growableArray.hpp
nmethod.hpp                             methodOop.hpp
nmethod.hpp                             oopMap.hpp
nmethod.hpp                             relocInfo.hpp

nmethod_<arch>.cpp                      assembler_<arch>.inline.hpp
nmethod_<arch>.cpp                      nmethod.hpp
nmethod_<arch>.cpp                      resourceArea.hpp
nmethod_<arch>.cpp                      sharedRuntime.hpp


onStackReplacement.cpp                  onStackReplacement.hpp
onStackReplacement.cpp                  forte.hpp
onStackReplacement.cpp                  frame.hpp
onStackReplacement.cpp			jvmtiExport.hpp
onStackReplacement.cpp                  resourceArea.hpp
onStackReplacement.cpp                  thread.hpp
onStackReplacement.cpp                  vtune.hpp

onStackReplacement.hpp                  codeBlob.hpp

oopFactory.cpp                          compiledICHolderKlass.hpp

oopMap.cpp                              c1_Defs.hpp
oopMap.cpp                              scopeDesc.hpp

oopRecorder.cpp                         codeBlob.hpp

os_<os_family>.cpp                      c1_Runtime1.hpp

os_<os_family>_<arch>.cpp               c1_Runtime1.hpp

relocInfo.cpp                           compiledIC.hpp
relocInfo.cpp                           nmethod.hpp

relocInfo_<arch>.cpp                    nmethod.hpp

registerMap.hpp                         c1_Defs.hpp

runtime.hpp                             codeBlob.hpp
runtime.hpp                             deoptimization.hpp
runtime.hpp                             machnode.hpp
runtime.hpp                             type.hpp

safepoint.cpp                           c1_globals.hpp
safepoint.cpp                           c1_Runtime1.hpp

safepoint_<os_arch>.cpp                 c1_Runtime1.hpp
safepoint_<os_arch>.cpp                 vframeArray.hpp

scopeDesc.cpp                           debugInfoRec.hpp
scopeDesc.cpp                           handles.inline.hpp
scopeDesc.cpp                           oop.inline.hpp
scopeDesc.cpp                           pcDesc.hpp
scopeDesc.cpp                           resourceArea.hpp
scopeDesc.cpp                           scopeDesc.hpp

scopeDesc.hpp                           debugInfo.hpp
scopeDesc.hpp                           growableArray.hpp
scopeDesc.hpp                           methodOop.hpp
scopeDesc.hpp                           pcDesc.hpp

shared.hpp                              register_<arch>.hpp

sharedRuntime.cpp                       codeCache.hpp
sharedRuntime.cpp                       c1_Runtime1.hpp
sharedRuntime.cpp                       handles.inline.hpp
sharedRuntime.cpp                       objArrayOop.hpp
sharedRuntime.cpp                       nmethod.hpp
sharedRuntime.cpp                       vtableStubs.hpp
sharedRuntime.cpp                       objArrayKlass.hpp
sharedRuntime.cpp                       objArrayOop.hpp

stackValue.cpp                          debugInfo.hpp

stubGenerator_<arch>.cpp                deoptimization.hpp

stubRoutines_<arch>.cpp                 deoptimization.hpp

systemDictionary.cpp                    cha.hpp

thread.cpp                              c1_Compiler.hpp
thread.cpp                              deoptimization.hpp
thread.cpp                              recompilationMonitor.hpp
thread.cpp                              vframe_hp.hpp
thread.cpp                              vframeArray.hpp

top.hpp                                 c1_globals.hpp

universe.cpp                            codeCache.hpp
universe.cpp                            compiledICHolderKlass.hpp
universe.cpp                            deoptimization.hpp

vframeArray.cpp                         c1_Runtime1.hpp

vframe_hp.cpp                           nativeInst_<arch>.hpp

vmThread.cpp                            compileBroker.hpp
vmThread.cpp                            recompilationMonitor.hpp

vm_operations.cpp                       compileBroker.hpp
vm_operations.cpp                       compilerOracle.hpp
vm_operations.cpp                       deoptimization.hpp

vmError.cpp                             compileBroker.hpp

vmStructs.cpp                           c1_Defs.hpp
vmStructs.cpp                           c1_Runtime1.hpp

vtableStubs.cpp                         allocation.inline.hpp
vtableStubs.cpp                         forte.hpp
vtableStubs.cpp                         handles.inline.hpp
vtableStubs.cpp                         instanceKlass.hpp
vtableStubs.cpp                         klassVtable.hpp
vtableStubs.cpp                         mutexLocker.hpp
vtableStubs.cpp                         resourceArea.hpp
vtableStubs.cpp                         vtableStubs.hpp
vtableStubs.cpp                         vtune.hpp
vtableStubs.cpp				jvmtiExport.hpp

vtableStubs.hpp                         allocation.hpp

vtableStubs_<arch>.cpp                  assembler.hpp
vtableStubs_<arch>.cpp                  assembler_<arch>.inline.hpp
vtableStubs_<arch>.cpp                  instanceKlass.hpp
vtableStubs_<arch>.cpp                  interp_masm_<arch>.hpp
vtableStubs_<arch>.cpp                  klassVtable.hpp
vtableStubs_<arch>.cpp                  resourceArea.hpp
vtableStubs_<arch>.cpp                  c1_Runtime1.hpp
vtableStubs_<arch>.cpp                  vtableStubs.hpp

vtune_<os_family>.cpp                   nmethod.hpp

c1_AllocTable.hpp                       c1_RInfo.hpp
c1_AllocTable.hpp                       c1_FrameMap.hpp
c1_AllocTable_<arch>.cpp                c1_AllocTable.hpp
c1_AllocTable.cpp                       c1_AllocTable.hpp

c1_Canonicalizer.cpp                    c1_Canonicalizer.hpp
c1_Canonicalizer.cpp                    c1_InstructionPrinter.hpp
c1_Canonicalizer.hpp                    c1_Instruction.hpp

c1_Compiler.hpp                         abstractCompiler.hpp

c1_Compiler.cpp                         arguments.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         allocation.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         allocation.inline.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         c1_Compilation.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         c1_MacroAssembler.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         compileBroker.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         compilerOracle.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         interfaceSupport.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         linkResolver.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         resourceArea.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         nativeLookup.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         resourceArea.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         sharedRuntime.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         c1_Compiler.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         c1_Runtime1.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         c1_ValueType.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         c1_RegAlloc.hpp
c1_Compiler.cpp                         c1_FrameMap.hpp

fprofiler.cpp                           c1_Compiler.hpp

java.cpp                                c1_Compiler.hpp

c1_Defs.cpp                             c1_Defs.hpp

c1_Defs.hpp                             globalDefinitions.hpp
c1_Defs_<arch>.hpp                      generate_platform_dependent_include

c1_AllocTable_<arch>.hpp                generate_platform_dependent_include

c1_Instruction.cpp                      c1_IR.hpp
c1_Instruction.cpp                      c1_ValueStack.hpp
c1_Instruction.cpp                      c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_Instruction.cpp                      c1_InstructionPrinter.hpp
c1_Instruction.cpp                      ciTypeArrayKlass.hpp
c1_Instruction.cpp                      ciObjArrayKlass.hpp

c1_Instruction.hpp                      c1_Compilation.hpp
c1_Instruction.hpp                      c1_ValueType.hpp
c1_Instruction.hpp                      ciField.hpp
c1_Instruction.hpp                      c1_LIR.hpp

c1_InstructionPrinter.cpp               c1_InstructionPrinter.hpp
c1_InstructionPrinter.cpp               c1_ValueStack.hpp
c1_InstructionPrinter.cpp               ciObject.hpp
c1_InstructionPrinter.cpp               ciInstance.hpp
c1_InstructionPrinter.cpp               ciArray.hpp
c1_InstructionPrinter.hpp               c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_InstructionPrinter.hpp               c1_IR.hpp

c1_IR.cpp                               ciBytecodeStream.hpp
c1_IR.cpp                               c1_InstructionPrinter.hpp
c1_IR.cpp                               c1_IR.hpp
c1_IR.cpp                               c1_GraphBuilder.hpp
c1_IR.cpp                               c1_Optimizer.hpp
c1_IR.cpp                               c1_Loops.hpp
c1_IR.cpp                               c1_Compilation.hpp
c1_IR.cpp                               ciOopMap.hpp

c1_IR.hpp                               allocation.hpp
c1_IR.hpp                               ciExceptionHandler.hpp
c1_IR.hpp                               ciStreams.hpp
c1_IR.hpp                               c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_IR.hpp                               ciMethod.hpp

c1_GraphBuilder.cpp                     c1_Compilation.hpp
c1_GraphBuilder.cpp                     c1_Canonicalizer.hpp
c1_GraphBuilder.cpp                     c1_InstructionPrinter.hpp
c1_GraphBuilder.cpp                     c1_GraphBuilder.hpp
c1_GraphBuilder.cpp                     ciField.hpp
c1_GraphBuilder.cpp                     ciKlass.hpp
c1_GraphBuilder.cpp                     c1_ValueMap.hpp


c1_GraphBuilder.hpp                     ciBytecodeStream.hpp
c1_GraphBuilder.hpp                     c1_IR.hpp
c1_GraphBuilder.hpp                     c1_ValueStack.hpp

c1_ValueSet.hpp                         allocation.hpp
c1_ValueSet.hpp                         bitMap.hpp
c1_ValueSet.hpp                         c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_ValueSet.cpp                         c1_ValueSet.hpp

c1_ValueStack.cpp                       c1_InstructionPrinter.hpp
c1_ValueStack.cpp                       c1_IR.hpp
c1_ValueStack.cpp                       c1_ValueStack.hpp
c1_ValueStack.hpp                       c1_Instruction.hpp

vm_operations.cpp                       c1_Compiler.hpp

c1_FrameMap_<arch>.hpp                  generate_platform_dependent_include
c1_FrameMap_<arch>.cpp                  c1_RegAlloc.hpp
c1_FrameMap_<arch>.cpp                  c1_FrameMap.hpp
c1_FrameMap_<arch>.cpp                  c1_LIR.hpp

c1_FrameMap.hpp                         allocation.hpp
c1_FrameMap.hpp                         assembler.hpp
c1_FrameMap.hpp                         c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_FrameMap.hpp                         c1_IR.hpp
c1_FrameMap.hpp                         c1_RInfo.hpp
c1_FrameMap.hpp                         frame.hpp
c1_FrameMap.hpp                         globalDefinitions.hpp
c1_FrameMap.hpp                         c1_Defs.hpp
c1_FrameMap.hpp                         shared.hpp
c1_FrameMap.hpp                         synchronizer.hpp

c1_FrameMap.cpp                         c1_FrameMap.hpp
c1_FrameMap.cpp                         c1_RegAlloc.hpp
c1_FrameMap.cpp                         c1_LIR.hpp

c1_CodeGenerator.hpp                    c1_Items.hpp
c1_CodeGenerator.hpp                    c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_CodeGenerator.hpp                    c1_IR.hpp
c1_CodeGenerator.hpp                    c1_RegAlloc.hpp
c1_CodeGenerator.hpp                    c1_LIREmitter.hpp
c1_CodeGenerator.cpp                    c1_ValueStack.hpp
c1_CodeGenerator.cpp                    c1_CodeGenerator.hpp
c1_CodeGenerator.cpp                    c1_Compilation.hpp
c1_CodeGenerator.cpp                    c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_CodeGenerator.cpp                    c1_ScanBlocks.hpp
c1_CodeGenerator.cpp                    ciArrayKlass.hpp

c1_CodeGenerator_<arch>.cpp             c1_CodeGenerator.hpp
c1_CodeGenerator_<arch>.cpp             c1_Compilation.hpp
c1_CodeGenerator_<arch>.cpp             c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_CodeGenerator_<arch>.cpp             c1_ValueStack.hpp
c1_CodeGenerator_<arch>.cpp             c1_ScanBlocks.hpp
c1_CodeGenerator_<arch>.cpp             c1_CodeStubs.hpp


c1_Items.hpp                            c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_Items.hpp                            c1_RegAlloc.hpp
c1_Items.cpp                            c1_Items.hpp
c1_Items.cpp                            ciInstance.hpp
c1_Items.cpp                            ciArray.hpp

c1_Items_<arch>.cpp                     c1_Items.hpp

c1_Optimizer.hpp                        allocation.hpp
c1_Optimizer.hpp                        c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_Optimizer.hpp                        c1_IR.hpp
c1_Optimizer.cpp                        c1_Optimizer.hpp
c1_Optimizer.cpp                        c1_ValueSet.hpp
c1_Optimizer.cpp                        c1_ValueStack.hpp

c1_MacroAssembler_<arch>.cpp            c1_MacroAssembler.hpp
c1_MacroAssembler_<arch>.cpp            arrayOop.hpp
c1_MacroAssembler_<arch>.cpp            collectedHeap.hpp
c1_MacroAssembler_<arch>.cpp            markOop.hpp
c1_MacroAssembler_<arch>.cpp            os.hpp
c1_MacroAssembler_<arch>.cpp            stubRoutines.hpp
c1_MacroAssembler_<arch>.cpp            synchronizer.hpp
c1_MacroAssembler_<arch>.cpp            interpreter.hpp
c1_MacroAssembler_<arch>.cpp            systemDictionary.hpp
c1_MacroAssembler_<arch>.cpp            c1_Runtime1.hpp

c1_MacroAssembler_<arch>.hpp            generate_platform_dependent_include

c1_MacroAssembler.hpp                   assembler.hpp
c1_MacroAssembler.hpp                   assembler_<arch>.inline.hpp

c1_RegAlloc.hpp                         allocation.hpp
c1_RegAlloc.hpp                         c1_AllocTable.hpp
c1_RegAlloc.hpp                         c1_FrameMap.hpp
c1_RegAlloc.hpp                         c1_ValueType.hpp
c1_RegAlloc.hpp                         c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_RegAlloc.hpp                         c1_RInfo.hpp

c1_RegAlloc.cpp                         allocation.hpp
c1_RegAlloc.cpp                         c1_RegAlloc.hpp
c1_RegAlloc.cpp                         c1_Items.hpp

c1_RegAlloc_<arch>.cpp                  c1_RegAlloc.hpp
c1_RegAlloc_<arch>.cpp                  c1_CodeGenerator.hpp

c1_RInfo.cpp                            c1_RegAlloc.hpp
c1_RInfo.cpp                            c1_RInfo.hpp

c1_RInfo.hpp                            array.hpp
c1_RInfo.hpp                            assembler.hpp
c1_RInfo.hpp                            c1_Compilation.hpp

c1_RInfo_<arch>.cpp                     c1_RegAlloc.hpp
c1_RInfo_<arch>.cpp                     c1_RInfo.hpp
c1_RInfo_<arch>.hpp                     generate_platform_dependent_include

c1_Runtime1.cpp                         allocation.inline.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         bytecode.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         barrierSet.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         c1_Defs.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         c1_FrameMap.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         c1_Runtime1.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         codeBlob.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         codeBuffer.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         collectedHeap.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         compiledIC.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         disassembler_<arch>.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         events.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         interfaceSupport.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         interpreter_<arch>.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         javaCalls.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         copy.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         objArrayKlass.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         oop.inline.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         pcDesc.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         resourceArea.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         scopeDesc.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         sharedRuntime.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         systemDictionary.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         threadCritical.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         vframe.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         vmSymbols.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         vtableStubs.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         vframeArray.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         c1_CodeStubs.hpp
c1_Runtime1.cpp                         c1_MacroAssembler.hpp

c1_Runtime1_<arch>.cpp                  c1_MacroAssembler.hpp
c1_Runtime1_<arch>.cpp                  c1_Defs.hpp
c1_Runtime1_<arch>.cpp                  c1_Runtime1.hpp
c1_Runtime1_<arch>.cpp                  compiledICHolderOop.hpp
c1_Runtime1_<arch>.cpp                  interpreter_<arch>.hpp
c1_Runtime1_<arch>.cpp                  jvmtiExport.hpp
c1_Runtime1_<arch>.cpp                  nativeInst_<arch>.hpp
c1_Runtime1_<arch>.cpp                  oop.inline.hpp
c1_Runtime1_<arch>.cpp                  register_<arch>.hpp
c1_Runtime1_<arch>.cpp                  sharedRuntime.hpp
c1_Runtime1_<arch>.cpp                  signature.hpp
c1_Runtime1_<arch>.cpp                  vframeArray.hpp

c1_Runtime1.hpp                         allocation.hpp
c1_Runtime1.hpp                         deoptimization.hpp
c1_Runtime1.hpp                         interpreter.hpp
c1_Runtime1.hpp                         stubs.hpp
c1_Runtime1.hpp                         c1_FrameMap.hpp

c1_ValueMap.cpp                         c1_ValueMap.hpp
c1_ValueMap.hpp                         allocation.hpp
c1_ValueMap.hpp                         c1_Instruction.hpp

c1_ValueType.cpp                        c1_ValueType.hpp
c1_ValueType.cpp                        ciNullObject.hpp
c1_ValueType.cpp                        ciArray.hpp
c1_ValueType.cpp                        ciInstance.hpp

c1_ValueType.hpp                        ciConstant.hpp
c1_ValueType.hpp                        c1_Compilation.hpp

c1_CodeStubs.hpp                        array.hpp
c1_CodeStubs.hpp                        c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_CodeStubs.hpp                        c1_RInfo.hpp
c1_CodeStubs.hpp                        c1_LIR.hpp
c1_CodeStubs.hpp                        c1_FrameMap.hpp
c1_CodeStubs.hpp                        c1_Runtime1.hpp
c1_CodeStubs.hpp                        c1_LIREmitter.hpp
c1_CodeStubs_<arch>.cpp                 c1_LIRAssembler.hpp
c1_CodeStubs_<arch>.cpp                 c1_CodeStubs.hpp
c1_CodeStubs_<arch>.cpp                 c1_FrameMap.hpp
c1_CodeStubs_<arch>.cpp                 c1_Runtime1.hpp
c1_CodeStubs_<arch>.cpp                 nativeInst_<arch>.hpp
c1_CodeStubs_<arch>.cpp                 sharedRuntime.hpp
c1_CodeStubs_<arch>.cpp                 c1_MacroAssembler.hpp

ciBytecodeStream.cpp                    ciBytecodeStream.hpp
ciBytecodeStream.cpp                    bytecodes.hpp

ciBytecodeStream.hpp                    allocation.hpp
ciBytecodeStream.hpp                    bytecode.hpp
ciBytecodeStream.hpp                    bytes_<arch>.hpp
ciBytecodeStream.hpp                    ciConstant.hpp
ciBytecodeStream.hpp                    ciKlass.hpp
ciBytecodeStream.hpp                    ciMethod.hpp
ciBytecodeStream.hpp                    ciField.hpp

c1_Loops.hpp                            bitMap.hpp
c1_Loops.hpp                            c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_Loops.hpp                            c1_IR.hpp
c1_Loops.cpp                            c1_Loops.hpp
c1_Loops.cpp                            c1_ValueStack.hpp
c1_Loops.cpp                            c1_ScanBlocks.hpp

c1_CacheLocals.hpp                      allocation.hpp
c1_CacheLocals.hpp                      c1_RInfo.hpp
c1_CacheLocals.hpp                      c1_IR.hpp

c1_CacheLocals.cpp                      c1_CacheLocals.hpp
c1_CacheLocals.cpp                      c1_LIR.hpp
c1_CacheLocals.cpp                      c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_CacheLocals.cpp                      c1_IR.hpp
c1_CacheLocals.cpp                      c1_Loops.hpp
c1_CacheLocals.cpp                      c1_ScanBlocks.hpp
c1_CacheLocals.cpp                      c1_Items.hpp
c1_CacheLocals.cpp                      c1_ValueStack.hpp
c1_CacheLocals.cpp                      c1_CodeGenerator.hpp
c1_CacheLocals.cpp                      c1_RegAlloc.hpp

c1_CacheLocals_<arch>.cpp               c1_CacheLocals.hpp
c1_CacheLocals_<arch>.cpp               c1_Compilation.hpp
c1_CacheLocals_<arch>.cpp               c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_CacheLocals_<arch>.cpp               c1_ValueType.hpp
c1_CacheLocals_<arch>.cpp               c1_Loops.hpp
c1_CacheLocals_<arch>.cpp               c1_RInfo.hpp
c1_CacheLocals_<arch>.cpp               c1_CodeGenerator.hpp
c1_CacheLocals_<arch>.cpp               c1_ScanBlocks.hpp

c1_ScanBlocks.hpp                       c1_ValueType.hpp
c1_ScanBlocks.cpp                       c1_ScanBlocks.hpp
c1_ScanBlocks.cpp                       c1_Instruction.hpp

instanceKlass.cpp                       c1_Compiler.hpp

c1_Compilation.cpp                      c1_CodeGenerator.hpp
c1_Compilation.cpp                      c1_Compilation.hpp
c1_Compilation.cpp                      c1_RegAlloc.hpp
c1_Compilation.cpp                      c1_LIROptimizer.hpp
c1_Compilation.cpp                      jvmpi.hpp
c1_Compilation.cpp                      jvmpi.inline.hpp
c1_Compilation.cpp                      c1_CacheLocals.hpp
c1_Compilation.cpp                      c1_IR.hpp
c1_Compilation.cpp                      c1_LIRAssembler.hpp
c1_Compilation.cpp                      c1_LIREmitter.hpp
c1_Compilation.cpp                      c1_ValueStack.hpp
c1_Compilation.cpp                      ciEnv.hpp
c1_Compilation.cpp                      ciOopMap.hpp
c1_Compilation.cpp                      debugInfoRec.hpp
c1_Compilation.cpp                      c1_ScanBlocks.hpp
c1_Compilation.cpp                      c1_MacroAssembler.hpp

c1_Compilation.hpp                      resourceArea.hpp
c1_Compilation.hpp                      exceptionHandlerTable.hpp


c1_LIREmitter.hpp                       c1_IR.hpp
c1_LIREmitter.hpp                       c1_LIR.hpp

c1_LIREmitter.cpp                       c1_Items.hpp
c1_LIREmitter.cpp                       c1_CacheLocals.hpp
c1_LIREmitter.cpp                       c1_LIREmitter.hpp
c1_LIREmitter.cpp                       c1_LIRAssembler.hpp
c1_LIREmitter.cpp                       c1_ValueStack.hpp
c1_LIREmitter.cpp                       c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_LIREmitter.cpp                       c1_Compilation.hpp
c1_LIREmitter.cpp                       c1_Runtime1.hpp
c1_LIREmitter.cpp                       ciInstance.hpp
c1_LIREmitter.cpp                       ciTypeArrayKlass.hpp
c1_LIREmitter.cpp                       ciObjArrayKlass.hpp
c1_LIREmitter.cpp                       ciOopMap.hpp
c1_LIREmitter.cpp                       objArrayKlass.hpp
c1_LIREmitter.cpp                       sharedRuntime.hpp

c1_LIREmitter_<arch>.cpp                c1_LIREmitter.hpp
c1_LIREmitter_<arch>.cpp                ciInstance.hpp
c1_LIREmitter_<arch>.cpp                ciTypeArrayKlass.hpp
c1_LIREmitter_<arch>.cpp                ciObjArrayKlass.hpp
c1_LIREmitter_<arch>.cpp                c1_LIRAssembler.hpp
c1_LIREmitter_<arch>.cpp                c1_Items.hpp
c1_LIREmitter_<arch>.cpp                c1_Runtime1.hpp
c1_LIREmitter_<arch>.cpp                sharedRuntime.hpp
c1_LIREmitter_<arch>.cpp                cardTableModRefBS.hpp

c1_LIR.hpp                              c1_RInfo.hpp
c1_LIR.hpp                              c1_ValueType.hpp

c1_LIR.cpp                              c1_LIR.hpp
c1_LIR.cpp                              c1_CacheLocals.hpp
c1_LIR.cpp                              c1_InstructionPrinter.hpp
c1_LIR.cpp                              c1_LIRAssembler.hpp
c1_LIR.cpp                              sharedRuntime.hpp
c1_LIR.cpp                              ciInstance.hpp

c1_LIRAssembler.cpp                     c1_LIRAssembler.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler.cpp                     c1_Compilation.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler.cpp                     nativeInst_<arch>.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler.cpp                     ciInstance.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler.cpp                     c1_Instruction.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler.cpp                     c1_ValueStack.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler.cpp                     c1_MacroAssembler.hpp

c1_LIRAssembler.hpp                     top.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.hpp              generate_platform_dependent_include
c1_LIRAssembler.hpp                     c1_CodeStubs.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler.hpp                     c1_LIREmitter.hpp

c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              jvmpi.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              c1_CacheLocals.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              c1_LIRAssembler.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              c1_LIRAssembler.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              c1_Compilation.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              c1_Runtime1.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              c1_Items.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              ciInstance.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              nativeInst_<arch>.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              sharedRuntime.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              jvmpi.inline.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              ciArrayKlass.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              barrierSet.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              collectedHeap.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              cardTableModRefBS.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              c1_ScanBlocks.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              c1_ValueStack.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              objArrayKlass.hpp
c1_LIRAssembler_<arch>.cpp              c1_MacroAssembler.hpp

c1_LIROptimizer.hpp                     allocation.hpp
c1_LIROptimizer.hpp                     c1_LIRAssembler.hpp
c1_LIROptimizer.hpp                     c1_LIR.hpp

c1_LIROptimizer.cpp                     c1_CacheLocals.hpp
c1_LIROptimizer.cpp                     c1_CodeGenerator.hpp
c1_LIROptimizer.cpp                     c1_LIROptimizer.hpp
c1_LIROptimizer.cpp                     c1_IR.hpp
c1_LIROptimizer.cpp                     c1_FrameMap.hpp
c1_LIROptimizer.cpp                     c1_Compilation.hpp
c1_LIROptimizer.cpp                     c1_Items.hpp
c1_LIROptimizer.cpp                     c1_ValueStack.hpp
c1_LIROptimizer.cpp                     ciMethod.hpp

c1_LIROptimizer_<arch>.hpp              generate_platform_dependent_include

c1_LIROptimizer_<arch>.cpp              c1_LIROptimizer.hpp
c1_LIROptimizer_<arch>.cpp              c1_LIR.hpp
c1_LIROptimizer_<arch>.cpp              c1_IR.hpp

